Migrate from contractkit to viem (#317)
celo-org/social-connect: .changeset/fair-knives-end.md

> ---
> "@celo/phone-number-privacy-monitor": major
> ---
> 
> Replace @celo/contractkit with viem
> 
> 
> ### Breaking Changes 
> 
> `queryOdisForQuota` and `queryOdisForSalt` for first param instead of a string url now take an object with rpcURL and chainID. 
> 
> ```diff
> - queryOdisForQuota("https://forno.celo.org",...rest)
> + queryOdisForQuota({rpcURL: "https://forno.celo.org", chainID: 42220},...rest)
> 
> 
> - queryOdisForSalt("https://forno.celo.org",...rest)
> + queryOdisForSalt({rpcURL: "https://forno.celo.org", chainID: 42220},...rest)
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
"@celo/phone-number-privacy-monitor": major
---

## Major Breaking Changes

- **Library Migration**
  - Replaced all usage of `@celo/contractkit` with `viem`. All blockchain contract interactions now use `viem` client and ABIs.
  - All code and types that referenced `ContractKit` or contract wrappers have been removed or replaced.
  - You must update any direct usage of these APIs in your code.

- **API Changes**
  - `queryOdisForQuota` and `queryOdisForSalt` now expect the first parameter to be an object:  
    `{ rpcURL: string, chainID: number }`  
    Instead of a string URL.
    ```diff
    - queryOdisForQuota("https://forno.celo.org", ...rest)
    + queryOdisForQuota({ rpcURL: "https://forno.celo.org", chainID: 42220 }, ...rest)
    ```

- **Type Changes**
  - Parameters and return types involving blockchain addresses now use `viem`’s `Address` type instead of `string`.
  - Functions returning hex values now use `Hex` type from `viem`.

- **Exported Functions Renamed/Removed**
  - The following exports in `packages/common/src/index.ts` have changed:
    - `getContractKit` and `getContractKitWithAgent` **removed**
    - New exports: `getWalletClient` and `getWalletClientWithAgent`
  - Update imports in your code to use the new function names.

- **Contract Utility Changes**
  - New contract accessors: `getAccountsContract`, `getOdisPaymentsContract`, `getCUSDContract` exported from `src/contracts`.

- **Test Utilities and Mocks**
  - All ContractKit-based mock factories and helpers have been removed.
  - Test helpers now expect `viem` clients and contract objects.
  - If you use any test utilities from this package, update all mocks and references to the new shapes.

- **General Public API Changes**
  - Any function previously accepting or returning ContractKit, contract wrappers, or ContractKit-based types now accepts or returns `viem` types.
  - If you rely on any of these APIs in your code, you must refactor your usage to use `viem`.

---

**Action Required:**
- Update your usage to match new function signatures, types, and imports.
- Refactor any code using removed ContractKit-based types, functions, or mocks.
- Review your usage of addresses/hex values for `viem` types.
```
